## Step 3: Upload test reports

_You used a workflow to help you find and fix an error. Nice work! :sparkles:_

So what do we do if we want to use the outcome of one job in another job? We can use the built-in [artifact storage](https://docs.github.com/actions/advanced-guides/storing-workflow-data-as-artifacts) to save artifacts created in one job and then use them in another job within the same workflow.

To upload artifacts to the artifact storage, we can use an action built by GitHub: [`actions/upload-artifacts`](https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact).

### :keyboard: Activity: Upload test reports

1. In your open pull request, go to the **Files changed** tab.
1. Click the ellipsis (...) button to the right of the `.github/workflows/ci.yml` file, and click **Edit file**.
1. Update the `Run markdown lint` step in your `build` job:
   - Add `vfile-reporter-json` to the `npm install` command, so that this utility will be installed.
   - Update the `npx remark` command to use the `vfile-reporter-json` utility, and redirect any error messages that are generated to a JSON file. To do this, delete `--frail` and add `--report vfile-reporter-json 2> remark-lint-report.json` to the end of the command.
1. Add a new step to the end of your `build` job that uses the `actions/upload-artifact` action. Give the artifact a name of `remark-lint-report` and specify the path to the `remark-lint-report.json` file that was generated by the `Run markdown lint` step.

   Your new `build` should look like this:

   ```yaml
   build:
     runs-on: ubuntu-latest
     steps:
       - uses: actions/checkout@v4

       - name: Run markdown lint
         run: |
           npm install remark-cli remark-preset-lint-consistent vfile-reporter-json
           npx remark . --use remark-preset-lint-consistent --report vfile-reporter-json 2> remark-lint-report.json

       - uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
         with:
           name: remark-lint-report
           path: remark-lint-report.json
   ```

1. Commit your change directly to the `ci` branch.
1. Wait about 20 seconds, then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). Another workflow will run and will replace the contents of this README file with instructions for the next step.

Like the upload action to send artifacts to the storage, you can use the download action to download these previously uploaded artifacts from the `build` job: [`actions/download-artifact`](https://github.com/actions/download-artifact). For brevity, we'll skip that step for this course.
