.github/steps/3-upload-test-reports.md, before:

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 3 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 3: Upload test reports

_The workflow has finished running! :sparkles:_

So what do we do when we need the work product of one job in another? We can use the built-in [artifact storage](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/advanced-guides/storing-workflow-data-as-artifacts) to save artifacts created from one job to be used in another job within the same workflow.

To upload artifacts to the artifact storage, we can use an action built by GitHub: [`actions/upload-artifacts`](https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact).

### :keyboard: Activity: Upload test reports

1. Edit your workflow file.
1. Add a step to your `build` job that uses the `upload-artifacts` action.

   ```yml
   build:
     runs-on: ubuntu-latest
     steps:
       - uses: actions/checkout@v4

       - name: Run markdown lint
         run: |
           npm install remark-cli remark-preset-lint-consistent
           npx remark . --use remark-preset-lint-consistent --frail

       - uses: actions/upload-artifact@v3
         with:
           name: remark-lint-report
           path: public/
   ```

1. Commit your change to this branch.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

Similar to the upload action to send artifacts to the storage, you can use another action built by GitHub to download these previously uploaded artifacts from the `build` job: [`actions/download-artifact`](https://github.com/actions/download-artifact). To save you time, we'll skip that step for this course.

Commit message:

Fix the Step 3 YAML code block to upload linter artifacts (#50)
* Add reporter to markdown lint step

* Update Step 3 instructions accordingly

.github/steps/3-upload-test-reports.md, after:

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 3 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 3: Upload test reports

_The workflow has finished running! :sparkles:_

So what do we do when we need the work product of one job in another? We can use the built-in [artifact storage](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/advanced-guides/storing-workflow-data-as-artifacts) to save artifacts created from one job to be used in another job within the same workflow.

To upload artifacts to the artifact storage, we can use an action built by GitHub: [`actions/upload-artifacts`](https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact).

### :keyboard: Activity: Upload test reports

1. Edit your workflow file.
1. Update the `Run markdown lint` step in your `build` job to use `vfile-reporter-json` and output the results to `remark-lint-report.json`.
1. Add a step to your `build` job that uses the `upload-artifact` action. This step should upload the `remark-lint-report.json` file generated by the updated `Run markdown lint` step.

   ```yml
   build:
     runs-on: ubuntu-latest
     steps:
       - uses: actions/checkout@v4

       - name: Run markdown lint
         run: |
           npm install remark-cli remark-preset-lint-consistent vfile-reporter-json
           npx remark . --use remark-preset-lint-consistent --report vfile-reporter-json 2> remark-lint-report.json

       - uses: actions/upload-artifact@v3
         with:
           name: remark-lint-report
           path: remark-lint-report.json
   ```

1. Commit your change to this branch.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

Similar to the upload action to send artifacts to the storage, you can use another action built by GitHub to download these previously uploaded artifacts from the `build` job: [`actions/download-artifact`](https://github.com/actions/download-artifact). To save you time, we'll skip that step for this course.
